README.md, before:

# better-stocard

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vue (Official)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Recommended Browser Setup

- Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Brave, etc.):
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd) 
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Chrome DevTools](http://bit.ly/object-formatters)
- Firefox:
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vue-js-devtools/)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Firefox DevTools](https://fxdx.dev/firefox-devtools-custom-object-formatters/)

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

feat: Show logos in card detail view and add support for custom cards in card creation process, add Readme V1

README.md, after:

# Pocketz

## What is Pocketz? (About the project)

Pocketz is a simple card manager which transforms physical cards into digital ones, inspired by Stocard.
One of the main features is that zou can add cards from Pocketz also to Apple Wallet. Also it is very simple and clean, it does what it should nothing more.

## Demo

Youtube Link

## Special Features

- Apple Wallet support
- Barcode Scanner for easier adding method

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vue (Official)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Recommended Browser Setup

- Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Brave, etc.):
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Chrome DevTools](http://bit.ly/object-formatters)
- Firefox:
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vue-js-devtools/)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Firefox DevTools](https://fxdx.dev/firefox-devtools-custom-object-formatters/)

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```
